Highlights include: 

Handgun: Requires no less than one magazine in your stock to discharge. Left-snap to fire, right-snap to point down sights. Creating this thing is DISABLED BY DEFAULT IN THE CONFIG. Change config key "empowered handgun" to permit creating this thing in endurance mode. 

Bike 

Speedometer 

Working mirror that can show your own appearance (Not viable with optifine shaders: use customer config to handicap it on the off chance that you are utilizing these. Config key="disableMirrorRendering"). 

Working CCTV Screen that can show your CCTV Camera takes care of inside 50 squares. (Not viable with certain advance shaders: use customer config to impair it on the off chance that you are utilizing these. Config key="disableCCTVRendering". On the off chance that it works however it is flimsy or hazy, have a go at debilitating movement obscure in your shader settings.). Right-snap to go upwards through camera takes care of. Shift-right-snap to go descending through camera takes care of. 

An advanced camera that can take photographs and print utilizing a printer 

A trimming tool intended for chopping down trees (it chips away at crowds as well however it will debase rapidly) 

Electric lamp 

Easel and material for painting your own magnum opuses 

Playable guitar and discretionary intensifier to add twisting 

Playable chessboard 

Computerized Alarm Clock which can show the current in-game time (may not show effectively with certain enhance shaders) 

The cleared street which speeds up vehicles + street marker to paint stripes or shoulders 

A fridge which can gradually change over water cans into ice 

Garbage bin with limitless ability to erase things 

Seed spreader that can consequently sow seeds kept into it 

Select bed which two individuals can rest on simultaneously 

Extractor: sideways container 

Metal mesh: permits liquids/things/smoke to move through yet hinders crowds and players 

Microwave for preparing one food thing rapidly 

Oven, for cooking numerous things in the stove gradually 

Turntable: pivots squares and crowds on top of it each time it gets a Redstone beat 

Radiator: gradually eliminates snow and ice close by when turned on 

Force transmitter/beneficiary: remote Redstone that deals with a for every channel premise, right-snap to change the current channel 

Latrine: it's a latrine
